Hi everyone. We have a very special instructor joining us today, Ian Goodfellow.
Ian is the inventor of Generative Adversarial Networks,
a major advancement in deep learning. Thanks for joining us Ian.
Thanks, Matt. I'm really excited to get to teach
you all about Generative Adversarial Nets at Udacity.
I've spent a lot of time teaching deep learning before,
as a TA at Stanford,
as a textbook coauthor,
and on the steering committee of a journal called Distill.
So I'm going to teach you about Generative Adversarial Nets also called GANs.
There are machine learning model that can imagine new things.
If you give them a training set of something like images,
they can make entirely new images that are realistic,
even though they've never been seen before.
All right. So, let's get started. Cheers.